sync readme (#990)
realm/realm-dart: README.md

**This project is in the Beta stage. The API should be quite stable, but occasional breaking changes may be made.**

## Features

* **Mobile-first:** Realm is the first database built from the ground up to run directly inside phones, tablets, and wearables.

> * **Simple:** Data is directly [exposed as objects](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/dotnet/objects/) and [queryable by code](https://docs.mongodb.com/realm/dotnet/query-engine/), removing the need for ORM's riddled with performance & maintenance issues. Plus, we've worked hard to [keep our API down to just a few common classes](https://pub.dev/documentation/realm/latest/): most of our users pick it up intuitively, getting simple apps up & running in minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Simple:** Data is directly [exposed as objects](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/realm-database/define-realm-object-schema/) and [queryable by code](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/realm-database/read-and-write-data/), removing the need for ORM's riddled with performance & maintenance issues. Plus, we've worked hard to [keep our API down to just a few common classes](https://pub.dev/documentation/realm/latest/): most of our users pick it up intuitively, getting simple apps up & running in minutes.
```

Author: that url is not the same so I suggest we keep it to .NET until we have the correct section in the Flutter docs https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/realm-database/define-realm-object-schema/

Reviewer: I think these two links have the same meaning. https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/realm-database/define-realm-object-schema/ and https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm/sdk/flutter/realm-database/read-and-write-data/
Do we expect to have the same pages as .NEt SDK?

Author: They do not have similar meaning. The contents is very different. And yes we should have these fundamental pages documented for Flutter as well.

Reviewer: OK

Reviewer 2: I think we can as well remove the links and leave it as text. I think linking to the .NET docs here will be more confusing than helpful.

* **Modern:** Realm supports latest Dart and Flutter versions and is build with sound null-safety.
* **Fast:** Realm is faster than even raw SQLite on common operations while maintaining an extremely rich feature set.
* **[Device Sync](https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/app-services/device-sync)**: Makes it simple to keep data in sync across users, devices, and your backend in real-time. [Get started](http://mongodb.com/realm/register?utm_medium=github_atlas_CTA&utm_source=realm_dart_github) for free with a template application that includes a cloud backend and Sync.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe it is good to mention the new link to Get Started page for flexible Sync https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/app-services/get-started/

Author: We should be in sync with the rest of the SDKS
